AWS managed OTel layer Initial release (#74)
aws-observability/aws-otel-lambda: README.md

# AWS managed OpenTelemetry Lambda Layers

> As a downstream Repo of [opentelemetry-lambda](), ___aws-otel-lambda___ publishes AWS managed OpenTelemetry Lambda layers with preconfigure for use with AWS services and bundle reduced AWS Collector. Users can onboard OpenTelemetry in their existing Lambda functions by adding these ready-made layers directly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a downstream Repo of [opentelemetry-lambda](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-lambda), ___aws-otel-lambda___ publishes AWS managed OpenTelemetry Lambda layers that are preconfigured for use with AWS services and bundle the reduced AWS Collector. Users can onboard to OpenTelemetry in their existing Lambda functions by adding these ready-made layers directly. 
```

- Python3.8 layer [aws-otel-python38-ver-1-1-0](https://aws-otel.github.io/docs/getting-started/lambda/python) contains OpenTelemetry Python v1.1.0 with Contrib v0.20b0
- Nodejs layer [aws-otel-nodejs-ver-0-18-0](https://aws-otel.github.io/docs/getting-started/lambda/javascript) contains OpenTelemetry JavaScript v0.18.0 with Contrib v0.15.0
- Java-Wrapper layer [aws-otel-java-wrapper-ver-1-1-0](https://aws-otel.github.io/docs/getting-started/lambda/java-manual-instr) contains OpenTelemetry Java v1.1.0
- Java-Agent layer [aws-otel-java-agent-ver-1-1-0](https://aws-otel.github.io/docs/getting-started/lambda/java-auto-instr) contains AWS OpenTelemetry Java instrumentation v1.1.0

> ## Sample

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Sample App
```

We provide [SAM and Terraform sample applications](sample-apps/) for AWS managed OpenTelemetry Lambda layers. Play these sample by steps:
1. Install AWS Cli, AWS SAM, Terraform, and configure AWS credentials correctly.
2. Checkout the current Repo by
   
   ```git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/aws-observability/aws-otel-lambda.git```
3. Patch AWS logic in repo folder by

    ``` ./patch-upstream.sh```
    
4. Deploy sample application
    1. For SAM sample
        ```
        ./run.sh
       ```
       
    2. For Terraform sample
        ```
       terraform init
       terraform apply

>         ```

Reviewer: Include a `cd` command to be in correct directory?
